gh-131204: Fix `difflib.HtmlDiff` may not use monospaced font (#131221)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-03-14-09-28-13.gh-issue-131204.wogNEX.rst

> Fix :class:`difflib.HtmlDiff` may not use monospaced font

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use monospace font from System Font Stack for cross-platform support in  :class:`difflib.HtmlDiff`.
```
